feat(js): :recycle: Adding references to helia.io + Old js-ipfs stuff. (#1694)
ipfs/ipfs-docs: docs/reference/js/api.md

# IPFS in JavaScript

Developers can get started with IPFS in JavaScript (JS)  using several options:

> - [IPFS Helia](https://helia.io): a lean, modular, and modern implementation of IPFS for the JS and browser environment

Reviewer: https://helia.io/ is 404ing

- [js-kubo-rpc-client](https://github.com/ipfs/js-kubo-rpc-client): A JS client library for the [Kubo RPC API](../kubo/rpc.md)

## Get started

### Helia

New to IPFS Helia? The [Helia 101 example](https://github.com/ipfs-examples/helia-examples/tree/main/examples/helia-101) will walk you through spawning a Helia node, adding a file, and `cat`-ing the file CID both locally and through an IPFS gateway. More advanced Helia examples can be found [here](https://github.com/ipfs-examples/helia-examples/tree/main).

### js-kubo-rpc-client

> First, [install the client using `npm` or as a browser script tag](https://github.com/ipfs/js-kubo-rpc-client#install). Then, consult the [command reference](https://github.com/ipfs/js-kubo-rpc-client#usage) for usage information.

Reviewer 2: We also should mention that one needs to install Kubo.  This can be done with https://www.npmjs.com/package/kubo

> First, make sure you have [kubo](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo) running, there are multiple ways to get [kubo](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo), since we're working with node, you can [get kubo using npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/kubo). Next, [install the client using `npm` or as load it as a browser script tag](https://github.com/ipfs/js-kubo-rpc-client#install). Then, consult the [command reference](https://github.com/ipfs/js-kubo-rpc-client#usage) for usage information.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started with the js-kubo-rpc-client, do the following:

1. Ensure that you have [kubo](https://github.com/ipfs/kubo) running. Since we're working with Node.js, you can [install kubo using npm](https://www.npmjs.com/package/kubo). 
1. Next, [install the client using `npm`, or load it as a browser script tag](https://github.com/ipfs/js-kubo-rpc-client#install). 
1. Then, consult the [command reference](https://github.com/ipfs/js-kubo-rpc-client#usage) for usage information.
```

> # IPFS in JavaScript

Reviewer 2: This page should discuss the various ways one can "interface with IPFS" with JavaScript.  Helia isn't the only way.  At the minimum, we should add the js-kubo-rpc-client.

Reviewer: Added mention in https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-docs/pull/1694/commits/b9150b343c6014dfe259a13f00e67e9878d868b9

## Helia

Developers can get started with IPFS in JavaScript using Helia, a lean, modular, and modern implementation of IPFS for the JS and browser environments. Learn more at [https://helia.io](https://helia.io).

### Hands-on examples

New to IPFS or JavaScript? Get started with the [Helia 101 example](https://github.com/ipfs-examples/helia-examples/tree/main/examples/helia-101), which will walk you through spawning a Helia node, adding a file, and `cat`-ing the file CID both locally and through an IPFS gateway.

Additional Helia examples can be found [here](https://github.com/ipfs-examples/helia-examples/tree/main).

## JS-IPFS (no-longer maintained)

[JS-IPFS](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs) was the first IPFS implementation in JavaScript. It still exists in its current form, but is no longer actively maintained. Please read [this post](https://github.com/ipfs/js-ipfs/issues/4336) to understand why this was done. For newer projects we recommend using [Helia](#helia) instead.

### Examples

> JS-IPFS examples can be found [here](https://github.com/ipfs-examples/js-ipfs-examples).

Reviewer 3: I think we explicitly removed mentions of js-ipfs and don't want to re-add them

Reviewer: Removed mentions in https://github.com/ipfs/ipfs-docs/pull/1694/commits/b9150b343c6014dfe259a13f00e67e9878d868b9
